OLS-2400: Document support for OLS API (#110626)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-ref-api-endpoints-reference.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// lightspeed-docs-main/operate/ols-using-openshift-lightspeed.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ols-ref-api-endpoints-reference_{context}"]
= {ols-long} API endpoints reference

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the following versioned endpoints to interact with the {ols-long} service, manage conversation history, and submit feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {ols-long} versioned endpoints allow you to interact with the Service, manage conversation history, and submit user feedback.
```
